this is the general document help

-------------------
Help on Help -- master of this in Help on Help -- copy back to here

Most of the documentation/help is embedded in the Notes in the system.
So to get to the help you need to know how to use the system.

This is sort of a bootstrap system, you need to know how to use
the system to find out about the system.

So here is just a bit of help/information to get you started.
it is focused on the Notes part of the system, documentation for
other parts are found in the Notes.

From the Open menu open "Note 1"
( Note 2 is the same window but can view a different note )

The "Note Document" will open to a "Criteria Tab"
in the key words enter "help on help" and pres the <Go> button
The "Note Document" will change to the "List Tab" and one of the
items show will be
        Help on Help for the StuffDB

Click on this row and the document will shift to the detail tab
and the same ( or almost ) the same information will be shown there
as in this file.

The item show can be edited and saved as you wish.  From the detail tab
you can also create new Notes.

So the general flow is:

    Enter some criteria in the criteria tab
    Pick the item of interest
    Read/Edit the item

    ..... repeat to keep track of your notes

Search base on criteria is a key function of the system so a bit more about it here:

    The search is based on key word from the title and key words field of the note.
    When searching the capitalization and order of the words does not matter but
    all the key words must match up with the notes for them to be listed

    Search is not just based on key words, but other criteria may be used ( look at the tab )
    and you can control the sort order ( again look at the tab )

    A note may "embed" a search command in itself:

        A line that looks like   >>search aardvark
        will do a search for the key word aardvark. To use the search
        put your cursor anywhere on the line and press <Go... > ( at the bottom of the window  )
        You should get a topic about aardvarks.

        After reading about Aardvarks you may want to get back to this text

        There are number of ways to do this.

            Go to the criteria tab and enter help on help .....
            Use the >>search help on help line in the aardvark note

            or ... something new go to the history tab

            There are two lists here, for now focus on the lower one
            it will be a list of all the notes you have viewed since
            opening the Note 1 window.  Click on any line to go to that
            note.  The <Clear> button will clear the list except for the
            current note.


There are lots more detail for all the tabs.  We will do one more
here.  Go to the aardvark topic and you will notice lines that begin

        >>url ....

    If you put your cursor on one of these lines and press <Go ...> then your
    web browser will open to the url on that line.

At this point you should know enough about how the system works so that you
can find the help you need ( if it has be written ) by using the system itself.

Here are some high level search's that might be useful:



















-------------------

The user interface typically opens "document" that focus on some topic.
Topics include:

    * Notes
        text to give you reminders or help around some topic

    * Stuff
        Here you can keep information about your ( or even other people's )
        stuff

    * People
        Here you can keep information about people of interest including
        their address, phone numbers and pictures.

This document covers general use of the documents, each document type has
it own help topic about things that are unique to that document type.

Documents are made up of several different tabs.  The primary tab has the
details of the document some the other tabs are used to find the particular
document you want or navigate between documents :

    Criteria:
        Contains search terms for documents.  These are used
        to populate the List tab.

    List:
        This is a list of items that match the criteria.
        By clicking on one of the items, the item will be
        opened in the detail tab.

    Detail:
        The primary tab of the document.  Contains its details.
        May also consist of sub tabs.

        Pictures sub tab:
            Many documents have one or more pictures associated with them.
            This tab lists the pictures in a list and shows the picture
            you click on.  This picture is a bit small so it is also
            show in the Picture Tab

    Picture:
        ....

    History
        a list of the documents that you have viewed.
        Like the list click on any row to select that
        item in the detail tab.


A typical use of the document is to:

    Enter some criteria in the Criteria tab and select records which
    appear in the List Tab.  When a row in this tab is clicked
    the corresponding record is opened in other tabs:

    The detail tab has the detail of the record where the data can
    be viewed or edited.

    The picture tab shows the picture ( if there is one, or the first one
    if many ) associated with the record

    History:
        Adds or updates a line in its list of records that have be viewed
        since the document window has been opened.


The detail tab often has some sub tabs:
    These may include:

        Events
            A list of things that recorded as events associated with the
            info in the Detail Tab

        Pictures
            A list pictures associated with the record in the Detail Tab








Most documents have a main topic, or detail about the topic, and then
some additional information on tabs within the document:
These tabs may include:
    *Events about the topic
        ( ex: when your tractor was serviced )
    *Pictures
        ( example picture of a person )

Typical interactions with documents include:
    full cycle of add, update, delete
