this is help for stuff_db_qt


Most help for the system has been moved into the system itsself and a collection
of HelpDocuments, but to use the HelpDocuments you may need a bit of help
not using the Documents

HelpDocuments are a place for you to build your own knowledge base of help topics
but the system coams with a predefind set of topics about itself.


Using HelpDocuments to get help with the system.

    Open a help document from the Open Menu.

    on the criteria tab enter some key words to indicated what you want help with:
        for example "Add pictures to album"


    to help you there are some special key words

        HowTo ( or just howto ) for how to topics

        AlbumDocument ( or lower case ) for topics about album documents -- a bit
              more specific than "album document"

    key word search is not sensitive to capitilization, and for simple plurals
    formed with an s it is also insensitive

    A powerful feature of HelpDocuments is the ability of the text to search
    for other help document.  This is indicated by:

        >>search   some key words to search on

    if you click anwhere on such a line and press the ">>" button, the HelpDocument

    will do a key word search on itself and show you a list of the relavant documents


    The following search key words may be useful


        Purpose of the StuffDb













===========================


Watch out overlaps with general document help  ---- move merge ....



This is an application and framework for tracking of stuff where stuff can be any kind of stuff:

	implemented or working on
		help topics,
			-- basically text around a topic

		stuff
			-- basically physical think to be kept track of

		photos
			-- typically images in files with some sort of graphic content

		plants
			-- things that grow

		some interactions between the above are also managed:
			-- ex: items of stuff may have one or more photos


Gui and ....

	Each category ( stuff, photo ... ) has its own window(s) using a multi document interface.
    From one of these windows you can select any of the "document" of the type the
    window is designed to manage.

	Each window has its own set of tabs, typically (but with useful variations):

		-- criteria:
				criteria for selection, perhaps for a photo in the photo document

		-- list
				a list of items, say photos, that meet the criteria from the tab above

		-- detail
				detail on a particular item, selected from the list tab, the history tab, or
                by creating a new item.

                Some detail tab may have their own sub-tabs such as:
                    events about the item
                    photos or other graphics about the item.


		-- text
  				text, basically a document about the item.  Usually on its own tab to give it
                pleanty of room.

        -- Photo
                for display of a single photo, typically selected on the Detai Tab

		-- history
				a list of items that have been displayed in the detail tab since
				the document ( window ) was opened.  Click on a history item
                and it will be selected on the detail tab.


The stuff document interface in more detail, including its special features:

        coming, I need to write some code first


Menu -- as much plan as implementation

	File
		Save current document
		Save all documents
		Exit the Application

    DocOps
        -- operations on the open document with focus

	Open
		-- open windows on different topics


	Configure
		Edit Parameters
		View/Edit Log

		Some db operations for setup and testing





	Windows  ( arrange windows, navigate between open windows )

		Cascade
		Tile
		Layer
		Split Left
		Split Right

		-----------------
		{Open windows by name }



	Help
		This help and more coming
		About Box


ToolBar

	Save current document
	Go to prior item on list for current document
    Go to next item on list for current document

	Go to prior item on history for current document
    Go to next item on history for current document


Document, features and purpose

    All ( most ) documents
        search by criterr
        list for results search
        history of documents viewed
        long text -- almost all
        photos    -- most, with some variations

    Help
        Mostly text topics as notes for your reference

    Photos
        Photos with names - captions for the photos.
        Photos can be associated with other items in the stystem like People or Stuff

    People
        Contact information....
        Photos for them

    Stuff
        Meant for physical ( and usually dead ) stuff that you are tracking for some reaason.
        Has photos and long text.
        Also events.
        There is also the idea that some stuff is a container for other stuff, so you can "find" or "store"
        stuff

    PhotoShows
        some would call an album

    Plant
        Information on some kind of plant, like a tomato.
        Photos and Long Text
        Links to Planting

    Planting
        An instance of a plant, like a tomato I saw in my friends greenoutse
        Links to Plant
